Adds command `teams message remove` (#5867)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/teams/message/message-remove.mdx

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';

# teams message remove

Removes a message from a channel in a Microsoft Teams team

## Usage

```sh
m365 teams message remove [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`--teamId [teamId]`
: ID of the Microsoft Teams team. Specify either `teamId` or `teamName` but not both.

`--teamName [teamName]`
: Name of the Microsoft Teams team. Specify either `teamId` or `teamName` but not both.

`--channelId [channelId]`

> : Channel ID of the Microsoft Teams team.. Specify either `channelId` or `channelName` but not both.
> 
> `--channelName [channelName]`
> : Channel name of the Microsoft Teams team.. Specify either `channelId` or `channelName` but not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Channel ID of the Microsoft Teams team. Specify either `channelId` or `channelName` but not both.

`--channelName [channelName]`
: Channel name of the Microsoft Teams team. Specify either `channelId` or `channelName` but not both.
```

`-i, --id <id>`
: The ID of the Teams message.

`-f, --force`

> Don't prompt for confirmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Don't prompt for confirmation.
```

```

<Global />

## Remarks

> You can only remove a message from a Microsoft Teams team that you posted yourself. If you try to remove a message that was posted by someone else, the command will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only remove a message from a Microsoft Teams team that you created yourself.
```

:::warning

> This command does not support application only permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command does only support delegated permissions.
```
